It's early in a mornin' in September. The sun is risin' behind the Petersberg upon the Siebengebirge. The first part of the Jugenddorf-Christophorusschule school area is lghtened slowly. Silence. Suddenly you hear steps, quiet voices. A shot of a pistol breaks the silence. Then loud MP5-fire. Two gangs have started fightin' for the supremacy of the school. The war has begun and you are inside. Here. Now.

Map: 			JDCS
Title:			SchoolQuake - Fraggin in da CJD
Author: 		[F.-A.]Joker ; fajoka@gmx.net
Current version:	0.87
Build Date:		February 18th, 2k
Download @:		www.fragging-alliance.de/jdcs.zip

Installation:

Unzip all files into your quake2\action directory


Specifics of the BSP and textures:

Size of Zipfile/kB:	~1,5 MB
Size of ready BSP/kB:	2,789
Faces:			7,058
Textures total:		25
Environment:		special JDCS env
Self-built textures:	25
Compilation (BSP)/s:	26
Compilation (VIS)/s:	31,472s
Compilation (RAD)/s:	4,439
Construction Time:	1 day	    (several months of enhancin' and debuggin')
Normal r_speed:		approx 430  (average durin' 15 min of console loggin' while playin' dm)
Max r_speed (normal):	approx 1500
Max r_speed (ghost):	approx 1900	
Used editors:		QuArk	    for constructin' map
			edit	    for BSP modification
Used BSP-compiler:	TXQBSP 0.7
Used VIS-compiler:	TIMVIS
Used RAD-compiler:	ArghRAD 2.50


Changes in latest versions

0.87 (current)	Zipfile folder structure bug from 0.84 fixed
		gym hall: basket ball and foot ball goals; new floor texture
		gym enlarged		
0.86		apparatuses room behind gym hall with exit to school yard
0.85		exit from gym hall to school yard
0.84		one severe RAD bug fixed
0.83		totally 35 bugs in map structure fixed. The most important are:
		windows next to primyry entrances now passable
		texture scaling and positioning at windows fixed
		positions of some entitis changed
0.82		new SW env files included
		new spawn point in the assembly hall
		position of Handcannon chaged
		light conditions changed
0.81		sound files inmtegrated
0.80		environment integrated
0.79		assembly hall accessible
0.78		class tract enlarged
0.76		computer with animated doom texture on screen added in library
0.75		ladders added
0.74		light sources included
0.73		first complete compilation


		
Special Thanks to:

[FA]Una-Bomber		because he lamed and deleted his own (and my) clan site (usin' the password!) and gave me time for constructin' the map because I couldn't update the site anymore
Armin Rigo		for his editor QuArK, especially for the autosave feature because the program is constantly crashin'
the MS-DOS coders	for their excellent editor edit that helped me infinitely changin' light conditionsn in the BSP
Bill Gates		why he lives and made possible programmin' Win98 that crashed most times durin' compilation :-P
[WW]Hammer		for the idea to build this map (years ago) and his suggestions for debuggin'
the AQMD guys		because I can upload my map there and get it tested
all the beta testers	for their bug reports helpin' me improvin' the map
the keygrip coders	for this funny demo builder



Check out the map site @ www.fragging-alliance.de/jdcs_c.html